Portable.Data.Sqlite====================This is a portable cross-platform ADO provider for SQLite databases, featuring data encryption.(SPECIAL NOTE: 8/13/2014 - This software is in heavy development at the moment and is not ready for prime time.  It has not yet been sufficiently tested on the intended targets, and likely still contains bugs. This note will be removed when version 1.0 is considered done - should be within the next day or two.)It is intended to be a Portable Class Library (PCL) that does the following:  1. Works properly on the following platforms:    * Windows (with .NET Framework 4.5 or higher)    * Windows Runtime (a.k.a. Windows Store) 8 and higher    * Windows Phone 8 and higher    * Xamarin.iOS    * Xamarin.Android  2. Runs on top of (and requires) the Portable Class Library for SQLite (SQLitePCL) from MSOpenTech - info available [here](http://sqlitepcl.codeplex.com/) - NuGet package available [here](http://www.nuget.org/packages/SQLitePCL)  3. Provides access to SQLite databases via the native built-into-the-operating-system implementations of SQLite for the platforms listed above (where an implementation exists).  4. Provides a PCL-based ADO-style way of interacting with SQLite databases - based on the Mono.Data.Sqlite implementation available [here](https://github.com/mattleibow/Mono.Data.Sqlite)  5. Enables **easy table record-level and column-level encryption of data** in your SQLite database.Important notes about encryption:---------------------------------  1. For various reasons, this library **does not include** an encryption algorithm.  You provide the algorithm by implementing the *IObjectCryptEngine* interface.  This allows you to choose exactly how your data will be encrypted.  Implementing your own *encryption engine* is easy; see more information below.  2. This library **does not implement full database encryption** - for that, please investigate SQLCipher - available [here](http://sqlcipher.net/)  As the developer using this library, you decide which data in the database to encrypt; and which data not to.  You can encrypt any column in any table, and you can encrypt an entire table (i.e. all of the records in a table).More info coming soon...------------------------